fix(curriculum): Educational typo (#58396)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-ask-and-share-about-educational-and-professional-background/657b11f87368cf463ea4fe46.md

Questions in the past tense with the verb `to be` are very similar to how you do it in the present tense. The only difference is that you need to remember to conjugate the verb to `were` or `was`, followed by the subject and then the main verb. For example:

>  `Were you at the meeting yesterday?` Notice how `were` comes before `you` for a question. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `Were you at the meeting yesterday?` Notice how `were` comes before `you` to form a question. 
```
I think intention might have been here _to form a question_.
